[sitecore-jss-rendering-host] Retire devServer (#1426)
Sitecore/jss: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### 🛠 Breaking Changes

> * `[sitecore-jss-rendering-host]` devServer is retired. renderingHostServer is the only way to use rendering-host with react from now on. ([#1426](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1426))

Reviewer: We should use specific function names here to be clear. Also, it's not exclusive to React.
```suggestion
* `[sitecore-jss-rendering-host]` `startDevServer` is retired. `startRenderingHostServer` is the only way to start the rendering host from now on. ([#1426](https://github.com/Sitecore/jss/pull/1426))
```
